what's up you guys
I am the 22 Tiger dude and I am here to
review the super evil aquatic villain
team-up is go oh and it's a long title
so that's probably gonna be my only time
saying it actually but nonetheless let's
just review this episode that super evil
cloud villain team-up it is go yeah is
about when plankton wants to team up
with Man Ray the villain in order to
steal the Krabby Patty secret formula of
course and then while that happens
spongebob
tries to get murdered man and barnacle
boy from the retirement home this was an
awesome episode it was so good to see
Man Ray again we have not seen that
Ville in a while and what mayhem finds
up so is that he was lazy he didn't feel
like the memory that wants to actually
dominate the world he just felt lasered
and he was just kind of there to help
plankton and that was it and then Man
and Barnacle Boy are back as well
hopefully this is not the last
mmm bebe episode since Ernest Borgnine
passed away so I'm sure this may be one
or two more episodes he record before he
died so let's find out as the time
progresses but it's good to see him
again the storylines well done there
were plenty of funny parts the episode
it definitely had more humor than what
Gary's new toy had the animation is
wonderful of course you've got to love
the animation just for the episodes
going it just gets funnier and funnier I
think my only problem with the episode
is that maybe in a couple of parts just
like two parts maybe it got a little
boring that's not really a problem
it did kind of lower the
gorgeous playin not it was well done it
was very funny it's good to see man
remarry Man and Barnacle Boy again it
was darn right hilarious man Ray's
temper because you know you guys already
spread the sunny for it so it's not
spoiler from there but Man Ray he keeps
telling plankton I want more Krabby
Patties and he's having this temper it
doesn't get the carpet he'll shoot the
gamma ray up in the ceiling so I think
that's the highly and most hilarious
part of the episode man raids temper
because he just wants more and more and
more crowding parents are telev entually
the villain gets bat and man did that
crack me up to no end so I would
definitely recommend this episode it
didn't feel much like a murder man of
barnacleboy episode though mainly
because the big parts is maybe plankton
man ray they're like the big parts of
the episode marry man burn coal or wood
pretty much how do you say just there
but it's really enjoyable so I'm gonna
overall give this episode a nine point
five out of ten hmmm Tiger dude 22 Tiger
dude this narrative with the August